                           


Preface
=======

Volt MX  Platform provides an integrated approach in the mobile application design, development and management. The Platform manages the design and development of mobile applications in a device independent manner and delivers them in different formats that run on all the major device platforms.

The Volt MX Platform consists of three main components:

*   **VoltMX Iris**: Used to design and develop the mobile applications.
    
*   **VoltMX Foundry Integration Service**: Provides server-side functionality for the applications, common data integration and device support services.
    
*   **Client Runtime** component for each major device platform that enables the same mobile application to execute directly on the device.
    

Volt MX  Foundry Integration Service

The application functionality developed and generated by Volt MX Iris is enabled and delivered using Volt MX Foundry Integration Service. The _SMS_ and _Mobile Web_ channels are hosted on Volt MX Foundry Integration Service and the _Native Apps_ binaries are deployed to the Server, to be downloaded by the mobile device.

Volt MX  Foundry Integration Service has the following capabilities:

*   A sophisticated device database that enables it to detect and deliver the appropriate binary to the appropriate requesting device.
*   Built-in backend data services integration capabilities, with out-of-the-box support for Web Services, XML feeds and HTML extraction.
*   Integration with optional third party connector libraries that offers access to a large number of ERP, databases and legacy systems.

*   Built-in usage tracking and analysis capabilities that provide a wide range of reports on system and application use.

Purpose
-------

This document provides troubleshoot tips for specific properties in Volt MX Foundry Integration Service (`middleware.properties`).

Intended Audience
-----------------

This document is intended for engineers or system administrators who are responsible for installing and deploying Volt MX Foundry Integration Service.

Formatting Conventions
----------------------

The following formatting conventions are used throughout the document:


<details close markdown="block"><summary>Click here</summary>
 
| Conventions | Explanation |
| --- | --- |
| Monospace | User input text, system prompts, and responses File path Commands Program code File names |
| _Italic_ | Emphasis Names of books, and documents New terminology. |
| **Bold** | Windows Menus Buttons Icons Fields Tabs Folders |
| [URL](##) | Active link to a URL. |
| _Note_ | Provides helpful hints or additional information. |
| _Important_ | Highlights actions or information that might cause problems to systems or data. |
</details>

Contact Us
----------

We welcome your feedback on our documentation. Write to us at [techpubs@voltmx.com](mailto:techpubs@voltmx.com?subject=Documentation Feedback). For technical questions, suggestions, comments, or to report problems on VoltMX's product line, contact [support@voltmx.com](mailto:productsupport@voltmx.com).

[Open topic with navigation](../Content/Overview1.md)

Comments

[Reply](#)

 

</div> <input class="comment-submit" type="button" value="Submit" > </div> </div> </body> <.html></x-turndown>
