                          

New Features in V8 SP3
======================

Console and Runtime
-------------------

*   Added support for Stubbing Back-end service response to allow app development even when a back-end is unavailable.

There are instances where development of back-end systems and apps happen in parallel or back-end is not always available to connect with the Dev or QA systems. In these scenarios, the developer can create a response template to stub the response that is expected from the actual back-end. This significantly reduces the integration costs involved during the application development.

*   Ability for app developers to configure customized REST end-points to access Volt MX Foundry Integration Services.

Volt MX  Foundry Integration services can now be exposed to API developers as resources with user configured RESTful end-points for Operations.

*   Added support for parsing response in JSON Connector using JSON path.

You can now use JSON Path as a way to parse the response from a back-end. JSON Path provides significant performance improvement over XML Path for parsing the response.

*   Ability to easily create response parameters with parsing paths by clicking on response fields for JSON and XML Connectors.

JSON and XML paths for JSON and XML connectors can now be generated by selecting the respective fields from back-end responses. Developers can now focus more on selecting the output parameters without worrying about the syntax of the XML Path.

*   Ability to add Custom code (Pre/Post processors) for Object services.

You can now process Input and Output parameters for Object services in Custom code using Pre and Post Processors.

*   Added support for validating JavaScript in Connectors.

You can now validate the syntax of the JavaScript in your preprocessor and postprocessor custom code without any hassle.

*   Added support for connecting to, and browsing through meta-data to define services for LOB systems behind a VPN.
*   Enhanced support for hierarchical relationships in Database and Storage adapters.
*   Improved Caching - APIs to access the data from Cache in custom code, and added support for Redis.

Significant Improvements to current caching mechanism, which now adhere to JCache implementation. The APIs for accessing Cache Objects are enhanced. Also, you can now use Redis for caching.

*   Improved Service Monitoring to show performance of services in real time.

Graphical representation of Service Calls, Service Performance, and Error count has been introduced to quickly understand the overall performance of services in real-time.

*   Improved the trace logs feature, and added auto reset after some time to prevent accidental space fill up.
*   Added support for monitoring server health in terms of CPU, Memory, Threads (On-premises only).

Engagement (For Volt MX Cloud)
---------------------------

*   Ability to cancel scheduled push messages.

You can now cancel your scheduled push message provided the push message is in its initial state.

*   Ability to archive and purge push message data on predefined schedule

You can now set the frequency for Archiving the push data. The default frequency value is set to 90 days (refer to the [article in Volt MX Base Camp](https://support.hcltechsw.com/csm?id=kb_article&sysparm_article=KB0083547) for more information).

*   Performance improvements in the Engagement Services Console.

Identity
--------

*   Ability to reconfigure Identity services for different environments.

You can now reconfigure Identity services before publishing to a specific run-time. Currently Supported for custom, oauth2, okta and Volt MX SAP identity provider types. This feature will let you define run-time configuration (of a given identity provider) specific for each environment

*   Ability to have OAuth Provider on top of Custom Identity service.

You can now use custom identity services as an authentication source for OAuth providers.

Offline Objects
---------------

*   Added support for Offline Objects in Web Platforms.
*   Added support for defining custom conflict resolution in Offline Objects.

You can upload a JAR file with custom code to resolve conflicts between the server and the client.

*   Added support for Storage objects for Offline Objects.
*   Added support for granular dropping of offline data in a device.
*   Added support for Offline Objects in Windows 10 platform (Beta)

You can now enable offline objects for Windows Store and Windows 10 based Kiosk applications built on Volt MX Iris.

*   Added support for Read-only SQL query on a device database.

You can now execute any select query on device database with the executeSelectQuery API.

Analytics
---------

*   Added out-of-the-box reports for API Management Users.

These reports include Service usage summary, Service usage detail, and Service performance. Service usage summary shows API usage by apps for a chosen environment. Service usage detail gives us the API usage by a chosen app in an environment. Service performance gives a report containing the count of services and average duration across chosen date range for external duration, parsing input/output parameters from the back-end data, custom code via pre and post processors.

*   Added an out-of-the-box report to see the application events leading to an app crash.

In this report, you can view a maximum of ten application events prior to crash events(breadcrumbs). This report displays App Name, UserID, Time, Event, Event Specifier, Form Name, Platform, Channel, OS Version, and Device ID.

*   Added an option to download tabular reports in excel format.

Reports with record level data in tabular form like the crash details, bread crumbs for crashes, or any tabular custom report built from reports console can now be downloaded in excel format for ease of viewing

*   Numerous performance improvements to Standard (out-of-the-box) and custom reports capabilities.

Volt MX  Foundry SDK
---------------

*   Added binary support for Desktop Web and Mobile Web (SPA) for Filesystem adapter.
*   Added support for network packet integrity check (HTTP integrity check) feature for Desktop Web and Mobile Web (SPA).
*   Added support for latest Cordova versions from Volt MX Foundry SDK.
*   Enabled subscriber-related API for Engagement Services.

You can now create, update, get or delete a subscriber from the Engagement server.

Installer
---------

*   Support for WebSphere 9.0.x version.
*   Reduction in install time when WebSphere is selected as App Server.
*   Added support for ActiveMQ on JBoss.

You can now enhance the performance of the messaging component while configuring ActiveMQ on JBoss.

*   Upgrades from earlier versions of Volt MX Foundry required you to manually copy component specific(Account, Workspace, AuthService) keys to the newly deployed components post installation. This has now been handled in the new Installer work-flow and the manual step is no longer needed.

App Factory
-----------

*   Added support for building Desktop Web apps through App Factory CI.
*   Added support for running automated tests for Desktop/Responsive Web using Appium TestNG framework.
*   Added support for building Universal binaries and Protected mode binaries for mobile native apps.
*   Added support for building iOS mobile apps with Watch extension.
*   Provision to choose manual certs for iOS binaries signing.
*   Added support for Foundry App versioning.
*   External Authentication support for App Factory.
