

### IDE License Errors

The following are the list of error messages that you might encounter while activating the license.

<table style="width: 100%;"><colgroup><col> <col> <col></colgroup><tbody><tr><td>Error message</td><td>Cause</td><td>Resolution</td></tr><tr><td>License not found atc:\users\ramesh\.voltmx\ide.lic</td><td>No previous license found (Current version of VoltMX Studio doesn't show this error – it just prompts for the license file).</td><td>None.</td></tr><tr><td>License is not activated at c:\users\ramesh\.voltmx\ide.lic . Cannot use it. Contact Administrator (or try activating the license)</td><td>License is deactivated.</td><td>Activate the license or use a new license.</td></tr><tr><td>License is not locked at c:\users\ramesh\.voltmx\ide.lic . Cannot use it. Contact Administrator (may be it was deactivated; try activating the license)</td><td>Either a pre-activated license for a different user or username changed after activation.</td><td>Activate the license again or use a new license.</td></tr><tr><td>License at c:\users\ramesh\.voltmx\ide.lic is expired. Cannot use it. Contact Administrator</td><td>License expired.</td><td>Use a new license.</td></tr><tr><td>License is invalid at c:\users\ramesh\.voltmx\ide.lic . Cannot use it. Contact Administrator</td><td>Either license file is corrupted or its state is otherwise not determined.</td><td>Use a new license.</td></tr><tr><td>License lock for c:\users\ramesh\.voltmx\ide.lic is violated. Cannot use it. Try activating it</td><td>Either a pre-activated license for a different user or username changed after activation.</td><td>Activate the license again or use a new license.</td></tr><tr><td>Can't determine license state at c:\users\ramesh\.voltmx\ide.lic . Cannot use it. Contact Administrator</td><td>Unable to determine license state.</td><td>Use a new license</td></tr><tr><td>Client is already licensed. Not overwriting the license. Try deactivating first</td><td>Cannot use a new license if there is a valid license already present.</td><td>Deactivate the license and try activation again. (Or use the API with overwrite=true)</td></tr><tr><td>Unable to read or decode the license at c:\licenses\ide.lic</td><td>License file is corrupted</td><td>Use a new license</td></tr><tr><td>License is OK and saved at c:\users\ramesh\.voltmx\ide.lic;</td><td>License is accepted (and activated if required) and saved to the predetermined location.</td><td>&nbsp;</td></tr><tr><td>License is OK, but unable to save it to c:\users\ramesh\.voltmx\ide.lic . You might have to provide the license on the next launch as well</td><td>License is accepted (and activated as required), but saving the license file failed – mostly due to access issues. This happened consistently on Windows on Parallels for Mac because of the Java user.home bug.</td><td>Try launching the IDE with Administrator privileges. Note that next launch will prompt again for the license – and that one activation on this license is consumed.</td></tr><tr><td>License activation has failed.</td><td>License activation failed – either because number of activations are used up or due to network issues.</td><td>If number of activations exceeded, use a different license or get the limit increased. If failure is due to network issue, get a pre-activated license file.</td></tr><tr><td>&nbsp;</td><td>&nbsp;</td><td>&nbsp;</td></tr><tr><td>&nbsp;</td><td>&nbsp;</td><td>&nbsp;</td></tr><tr><td>&nbsp;</td><td>&nbsp;</td><td>&nbsp;</td></tr><tr><td>&nbsp;</td><td>&nbsp;</td><td>&nbsp;</td></tr></tbody></table>
